# Anagram Generator

```
$ ./dogfoodlid "i celebrate the absurd"
parsing dictionary......
finding anagrams......

cub ted eh is errata bel
cub ted he is errata bel
beater as bile cut eh dr
berate as bile cut he dr
cruise lard eh be be tat
curies lard he be be tat
arc rib duel the abe est
car rib duel the abe set
ire barb healed cut est
ire barb healed cut set
erects ah bade rebuilt
secret ha bead rebuilt
be alt dr curb it eh ease
be alt dr curb it he ease
bat re it bleachers due
tab re it bleachers due
alb chad bet ire see rut
lab chad bet ire see rut
ah rib suet cable ted re
ha rib tues cable ted re
beech re based it ultra
beech re beads it ultra
ale be berth rad its cue
lea be berth rad sit cue
eh cut rib bat see ale dr
he cut rib tab see lea dr
...
```
